[<Review: If it's not really mandatory, don't take it. If you want to learn finance, go online and find some courses, read some books on, but don't take the course. If you want a professor that knows the maths behind finance, don't take it. 
If, on the other hand, you want to be busy with things you won't learn enough from for the whole semester, feel that you're working for one course more than for all your others, waste time not really learning finance but just mere concepts spread around: go ahead, take the course! But better yet, watch some cat videos on youtube, it'd be more productive. >, <Review: He enjoys the presence of 'pretty' girls....>, <Review: dont take it. A lot of evils inside!>, <Review: Do not take the course. You dont learn much since the Prof himself seems confused with the stuff.
>, <Review: A terrible professor for a fundamental class. I think he is one of the reasons why our GEM major is so bad
>, <Review: Better go into the toilet and stare at shit than take this course. Trust me, that will be way more fun, interesting and a better learning experience than taking the this class.>, <Review: Talk about wasting your time
>, <Review: People need to relaaaaaaaaaaaax! really prof. Lattemann is a great guy and he is super chill about  everything. hes one of the most honest and down to earth professors I know! also he tries very hard to make stuff fun . the assignments and interactive learning through the simulations were really nice.

people just like to bitch a lot.

It's a nice class. You don't need to read the books, the slides and assignments will do for the exam. >, <Review: Here's a tip, either go to class, or read the book, never do both. If you go to class, you'll get a good grade on the exam and know just about nothing accurate about finance. If you read the book, you'll do shit on the exam and know just as much as you should have learned in this course, were it taught well. Do both, and you'll come to class confident and leave more confused than ever. Not the best course...has a lot to ask for and lacks organisation and professionalism.>, <Review: Useful stuff, even if you only take away definitions from it. I would recommend it for first year acm finance students. ( take it before the derivatives lab)>, <Review: latteman always has a boner >, <Review: I totally agree - "prof" Lattemann epitomizes carelessnes and inability. Do not take the course, otherwise you will get a bad grade (e.g. you will get a one mark deduction if you write "Goldman Sachs" with capital letters in the beginning, since "prof" Lattemann, behind his veil of inability, still beliefs that everything is written without capital letters in the english language ;)) >, <Review: to me Prof. Lattemann's carelessnes towards after-crisis finance theory is not tolerable. Even though the theory is VERY basic the instructor sometimes really seemed to be confused and skipped slides  just because of that. I am sorry to say this, but in my honest opinion it were ignorant people like Lattemann who caused the financial crisis>, <Review: Went to class today. Well when the professor says that he has been in the stock market for 5 yrs and implies that 75% is psychology and the other 75% is math, you just know that you are not gonna learn shit about finance from a guy who can't calculate percentages. No wonder the financial crisis happened. >, <Review: Some of these reviews are outright hilarious. but I agree, the course assignments were interesting but I didn't really understand the math behind it, and neither did the professor. >]
